# Contributing to Fingerprint Server PHP SDK

## Structure

Most files in the project are autogenerated by [openapi-generator](https://openapi-generator.tech/) for php.

- [template](./template) - folder contains redefined templates of `openapi-generator`. Original templates you can find in [openapi-generator repo](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/tree/v7.21.0/modules/openapi-generator/src/main/resources/php).
- [docs](./docs) - generated documentation for models and [API Client](docs/Api/FingerprintApi.md).
- [src](./src) - API Client code and generated models.

## Code generation

You need `openapi-generator` to run code generation. There are many ways described in the [readme](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator).
In the project we use Docker image `openapitools/openapi-generator-cli` for code generation.

You can just run `sh ./scripts/generate.sh` script and it will do all the work.

To download fresh OpenAPI schema run `sh ./scripts/sync.sh`

## Creating Coverage Report (Markdown and HTML)

To generate a code coverage report, follow these steps:

1. Run PHPUnit to generate a coverage report:
   ```shell
   docker-compose run phpunit
   ```

   - The Clover XML report will be saved in `cov/xml/clover.xml`.
   - The HTML report will be saved in the `cov/html` directory.

2. To convert the Clover XML report into a markdown report, run the generate_coverage_report.php script:
   ```shell
   docker-compose run php php generate_coverage_report.php
   ```

The markdown report will be saved in the `cov/markdown/coverage_report.md` file. You can open this file to review the coverage details.

### Testing the local source code of the SDK

Use the `run_checks.php` file to make API requests using the local version of the SDK.

1. Make sure you have `php` installed.
2. Make sure you have `composer` installed.
3. Run `composer install` to install dependencies.
4. Create an `.env` file in the root folder according to [.env.example](.env.example) with your API key and test variables.
5. Finally, run `php run_checks.php`.

### Testing the local source code of the SDK (Docker)

As an alternative to running the SDK tests locally, you can use Docker:

1. Ensure that Docker is installed and running on your machine.
2. Create an `.env` file in the root folder according to [.env.example](.env.example) with your API key and test variables.
3. Run the following command to install dependencies using Docker:
   ```shell
   docker-compose run composer install
   ```
4. Run the following command to execute the SDK tests using Docker:
   ```shell
   docker-compose run php php run_checks.php
   ```

### Configuration

Project configuration is described in the `config.json` file. To read about available parameters run the command below:

```shell
docker run --rm openapitools/openapi-generator-cli:v7.21.0 config-help -g php
```

### How to publish

We use [changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) for handling release notes. If there are relevant changes, please add them to changeset via `pnpm exec changeset`. You need to run `pnpm install` before doing so.
