contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to Fingerprint Pro Server API SDK

## Structure

Most files in the project are autogenerated by [swagger-codegen](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-codegen/) for php.

- [template](./template) - folder contains redefined templates of `swagger-codegen`. Original templates you can find in [swagger-codegen repo](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen/tree/751e59df060b1c3ecf54921e104f2086dfa9f820/modules/swagger-codegen/src/main/resources/php).
- [docs](./docs) - generated documentation for models and [API Client](./docs/Api/FingerprintApi.md).
- [src](./src) - API Client code is generated automatically.

## Code generation

You need `swagger-codegen` to run code generation. There are many ways described in the [readme](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen).
In the project we use local jar file `bin/swagger-codegen-cli.jar`.

You can just run `sh ./scripts/generate.sh` script and it will do all the work.

To download fresh OpenAPI schema run `sh ./scripts/sync.sh`

### Configuration

Project configuration is described in `config.json` file. To read about available parameters run the command below:

```shell
java -jar ./bin/swagger-codegen-cli.jar config-help -l php
```

Commit message:

chore: improve local testing dx (run_checks.php, contributing.md)

contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to Fingerprint Pro Server API SDK

## Structure

Most files in the project are autogenerated by [swagger-codegen](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-codegen/) for php.

- [template](./template) - folder contains redefined templates of `swagger-codegen`. Original templates you can find in [swagger-codegen repo](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen/tree/751e59df060b1c3ecf54921e104f2086dfa9f820/modules/swagger-codegen/src/main/resources/php).
- [docs](./docs) - generated documentation for models and [API Client](./docs/Api/FingerprintApi.md).
- [src](./src) - API Client code is generated automatically.

## Code generation

You need `swagger-codegen` to run code generation. There are many ways described in the [readme](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen).
In the project we use local jar file `bin/swagger-codegen-cli.jar`.

You can just run `sh ./scripts/generate.sh` script and it will do all the work.

To download fresh OpenAPI schema run `sh ./scripts/sync.sh`

### Testing the local source code of the SDK

Use the `run_checks.php` file to make API requests using the local version of the SDK.

1. Make sure you have `php` installed.
2. Make sure you have `composer` installed.
3. Run `composer install` to install dependencies.
4. Create an `.env` file in the root folder according to [.env.example](.env.example) with your API key and test variables.
5. Finally, run `php run_checks.php`.

### Configuration

Project configuration is described in `config.json` file. To read about available parameters run the command below:

```shell
java -jar ./bin/swagger-codegen-cli.jar config-help -l php
```
