# Tampering

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**result** | **bool** | Indicates if an identification request from a browser or an Android SDK has been tampered with. Not supported in the iOS SDK, is always `false` for iOS requests.   * `true` - If the request meets either of the following conditions:     * Contains anomalous browser or device attributes that could not have been legitimately produced by the JavaScript agent or the Android SDK (see `anomalyScore`).     * Originated from an anti-detect browser like Incognition (see `antiDetectBrowser`).   * `false` - If the request is considered genuine or was generated by the iOS SDK. | 
**anomaly_score** | **double** | A score that indicates the extent of anomalous data in the request. This field applies to requests originating from **both** browsers and Android SDKs.    * Values above `0.5` indicate that the request has been tampered with.   * Values below `0.5` indicate that the request is genuine. | 
**anti_detect_browser** | **bool** | Anti-detect browsers try to evade identification by masking or manipulating their fingerprint to imitate legitimate browser configurations. This field does not apply to requests originating from mobile SDKs.   * `true` - The browser resembles a known anti-detect browser, for example, Incognition.   * `false` - The browser does not resemble an anti-detect browser or the request originates from a mobile SDK. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

